Updating MTC release notes 1.7.01 to 1.7.12 (#64356)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-mtc-release-notes-1-7-04.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-7-04_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.7.4 release notes

[id="resolved-issues-1-7-04_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

There are no major resolved issues in this release.

[id="known-issues-1-7-04_{context}"]
== Known issues

> .Rollback missing out deletion of some resources from the target cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Rollback missing out deletion of some resources from the target cluster
```
Clarify this title. Do you mean "Rollback is missing the deletion of some resources from the target cluster"?

> On performing rollback of an application from the MTC UI, some resources are not being deleted from the target cluster and rollback is showing status as successfully completed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2126880[*BZ#2126880*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On performing the roll back of an application from the MTC UI, some resources are not being deleted from the target cluster and the roll back is showing a status as successfully completed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2126880[*BZ#2126880*])
```
https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#r
